---
published: 
  - true
  - "true"
layout: post
---

Worries and Consolations  

W: I'm broke. I can't find a job. I can't even choose a profession.  
  
C: "The wage is the capitalist form of coercion. We are not fully enriched human beings, engaging in all forms of labor we wish to engage in, we are relegated to one form of labor in order to echange to meet our needs...under capitalism, we are forced into a box. These different forms of labor, or different expressions of our life-activity (the way in which we interact with the world around us) limit our ability to be multi-sided human beings."  
  
   
W: I'm having trouble adjusting to J having a full-time job. I miss him when he's at work.  
  
C: "The gendered division of labor is rooted in the framework of capitalist society itself: women at home and men in the factories and office, separated from the other the whole day...Capital, while it elevates heterosexuality to a religion, at the same time in practice makes it impossible for men and women to be in touch with each other, physically and emotionally - it undermines heterosexuality as a sexual, economic, and social discipline."  
  
  
W: I'm feeling super depressed today for no apparent reason. Is there something wrong with me?  
  
C: "Oh no poor car...why you depressed chicken?!?) I never made it to the city beach, ended up having a powernap that lasted 4 hours! Decided to save myself for Boston!! I also feel a bit low and lazy today... Maybe it's the moon?? Xxx"  
  
  
W: I can't find a job; is advanced technology going to lead to human extinction?  
  
C: "Over time, capital is forced to invest in machines over workers in order to keep up with the competitive production process. As a result, workers are expelled from the production process...the effects of this contradiction of capitalism is that workers are forced into precarious working situations, jumping from gig to gig in order to make enough money to reproduce themselves." (erm, ok, this was more of a confirmation than a consolation)
